Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
I know it's later.
It's on purpose.
There's things that I've had going on today.
And the Lord visited today and there was a lot that he said.
I told D whenever the Lord visits and he gives us a word as strong as he did today, in those moments, I fear him.
There's awe.
But it's just Jesus.
And I want always to tell you we go vertical here.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of him and is not of us.
He could have used anybody, and we're just grateful he looked at us.
So, let's go to what you're about to see in the news.
It is pretty shocking for what we've been telling you is coming by the Spirit of God.
Ready?
Article 1B: Texas man charged with trying to provide bomb materials to ISIS.
He was an FBI agent.
He got busted.
All to the glory of God.
Isn't that amazing?
So, can you scroll up, son?
Because they can't see the guy with the outfit on.
Yeah, right there.
So, he has all this stuff and he's trying to do...
This is Texas today, from what I understand.
So, a man is plotting to do mass chaos in Texas.
So, we're praying over this number two.
Go ahead.
Federal agents have arrested a Texas man for allegedly trying to help ISIS.
The newly uncovered plot comes as DHS issues a warning urging people to remain vigilant during their New Year's Eve celebrations.
Fox News team coverage now; David Spunt has more on the Trump administration's plan to step up security.
But we begin with Brooke Taylor live in Dallas on this Texas terror arrest.
Brooke.
'Hi, Jackie.
Well, federal charges have been filed against this ISIS sympathizer here in Texas.
He's charged with trying to give bomb-making materials to an undercover FBI agent who was posing as an ISIS member.
This investigation started back in October when an undercover NYPD officer flagged a social media account belonging to John Michael Garza Jr.
The account followed several pro-ISIS pages and commented on ISIS posts.
The undercover officer started talking with Garza, who described himself as a 21-year-old Mexican-American living in Texas.
Over the course of two months, Garza sent ISIS media releases to the undercover agent, including videos of suicide bombings and instructional bomb-making videos.
Prosecutors say he also sent small amounts of cryptocurrency to the agent, believing those funds would be used to buy guns and support ISIS.
Last Monday, Garza agreed to meet a second person that he believed was an ISIS brother, but was really that FBI undercover agent.
He allegedly handed over bomb materials to the agent and explained how to mix the chemicals.
He was arrested shortly after that meeting and now faces a maximum of 20 years behind bars if he's convicted.
' Attorney General Pam Bondi sharing this statement: 'ISIS's poisonous ideology must be ripped out root and stem.
Anyone who tries to commit violence on ISIS's behalf will be found, arrested, and prosecuted.
You cannot hide from us.
' And FBI director Kash Patel also said, 'Let this case serve as a reminder to anyone planning to attack the United States on behalf of a terrorist organization.
You will be brought to justice.
' Jackie, all glory to Jesus for that, ladies and gentlemen.
Another one down.
Another crazy, but it's Dallas.
Like, we've prayed over Dallas.
Isn't that interesting?
Okay, now we have another one that was caught.
Lone actors and groups driven by ideology are the most significant terrorism threat to New Year celebrations, report says.
Yeah, so they're concerned about it.
Security preparations are underway ahead of New Year's Eve celebration in Times Square.
Even greater security preparations.
Never has there ever been two layers of security on New Year's Eve for the celebration, the countdown, and all the things that are going on.
I want you to see what they're doing in New Year's.
This is, I believe, a result of prayer.
So if there isn't a threat and all the things that we know what we've seen by the Spirit of God, they know.
But they're not trying to alarm the people.
We don't want mass chaos.
We want peace.
But we're thankful for our security, right?
So, look at the security.
Meanwhile, the NYPD is stepping up security as it does each year.
There are no specific threats, but police aren't taking any chances.
For the first time this year, they're adding a second layer of screening.
Revelers won't get screened just once, but twice.
And one of the main security concerns, according to federal authorities, is the potential for vehicle rammings after last year's deadly terror attack in New Orleans.
Eyewitness News reporter Darla Miles in Times Square with the latest.
Darla: 'Well, Shirin and Joe, as you can see, thousands of people have already descended upon New York City.
They are walking through Times Square, pretty much worry-free.
None of them have a possible terrorist attack or security threat in mind.
And the NYPD and the city of New York want to keep it that way.
New Year's Eve in Times Square is one of the largest and the most complex public safety operations anywhere in the world.
' New York City is locked in and ready to host millions of tourists planning to ring in 2026 in Times Square.
Mayor Adams and NYPD Commissioner Jessica Tisch Tuesday morning holding a security briefing to reassure those revelers the festivities will be a virtual fortress with thousands of boots on the ground.
It's what we're praying over.
So here's another one.
When I told you about the new mayor, he decided now he doesn't feel safe to do it in front of the public.
So he's going to go downtown.
He's going to go underground.
Zohran Mamdani is taking the oath underground.
I don't know if that's literal or whatever, but he's going to do his oath underground because he's afraid for his life.
Mamdani ditches Times Square; will take mayoral oath underground, sworn in by Letitia James.
While Times Square gets the confetti, New York's real power shift is happening underground.
Mayor-elect Mamdani will be sworn in just before midnight on January 1st inside the abandoned Old City Hall subway station, a 1904 landmark sealed off since 1945.
The oath will be administered by Attorney General Letitia James in a private ceremony far from flashing lights and corporate backdrops.
The location is no accident.
Mamdani is making his first move as mayor a statement: 'This city was built below street level by workers, engineers, and immigrants.
' Taking the oath beneath City Hall signals exactly who he says New York belongs to.
Mamdani, a Democratic Socialist who ran on fair-free buses, rent freezes, and aggressive transit investment, is tying his leadership to infrastructure.
I just think it's interesting.
Obviously, there's more to what's being said that's not being said.
They're not trying to cause mass chaos.
And so, thank God, they know how to keep things more secure and do the things they know how to do to keep us all safe.
Heightened security plan for New York and National Guard deployed to New Orleans.
Now, that's interesting.
For New Year's Eve, the National Guard is deploying to New Orleans.
This is another city the Lord showed us.
The National Guard is being deployed to New Orleans.
This is exactly the city we've been interceding for, unless there was a bunch of you that called and raised the alarm, like you did with the other one in Los Angeles, California, and you had thousands of people call.
Maybe you did; I don't know.
I just know this is interesting to me.
I thought, 'Did Sister Clipboard call a thousand times to New Orleans?
' Maybe, because I'm thinking they do.
The National Guard is being deployed in New Orleans, so maybe Sister Clipboard called New Orleans too.
I'm just telling y'all because I'm thinking that's very interesting.
Two layers of security in New York and the National Guard being deployed in New Orleans for y'all.
I thought she must have blown up the phone all day long.
We didn't get a call about the National Guard in New Orleans, thank God, but I'm just thinking she was busy all day.
Maybe she's like, 'We've got to call New Orleans.
We're calling Beverly Hills.
We're calling everybody today.
Call your friends.
Hide your wife, hide your kids.
They're going crazy up in here, y'all.
Hide your kids, hide your wives, hide your relatives.
' Somebody said, 'Sister Clipboard, you're a busy girl.
' You're a busy girl, Clipboard.
She's tired.
She says, 'I'm tired,' all thousand of you.
I mean, God bless you if you took it.
I know it's serious.
I don't know, but I just think it's not a coincidence.
I'm not trying to be funny; it's very serious.
But I'm thinking, my goodness, look at this.
Somebody said, 'Y'all gave her a job.
' We gave Sister Clipboard a job.
Oh my goodness, she is busy up in here.
Seriously, it's crazy.
The comments are funny, but it's not funny; it's very serious.
Okay, go to the next.
See what even Elon Musk said.
This is an Elon Musk tweet, and Braden showed me this.
I thought, 'Wow, look at what he's saying.
' What we saw over there, the amount of money being sent to non-governmental organizations.
But actually, this, by the way, is I think one of the biggest sources of fraud in the world: government-funded non-governmental organizations.
This is a gigantic fraud loophole where the government can give money to an NGO, and then there are no controls over that NGO.
So they've given billions of dollars—in fact, we estimate tens of billions of dollars—to NGOs that are essentially scams.
What we saw over there...
yeah.
And then he gives a tweet, and it says, 'My lower bound guess for how much fraud there is nationally is 20% of the federal budget, which would mean 1.
5 trillion per year, probably much higher.
' $1.
5 trillion of fraud, folks.
That should make the American people...
I can't even comprehend $1.
5 trillion in fraud, is what Elon Musk says.
He was appalled.
Do you folks understand?
These people are crooks.
They should all be thrown in prison.
That's crazy.
Then we have the lady with the turban on her head, the Muslim lady, Omar.
Thank you, baby.
Omar smuggling $30 million into a fake account from what Benny Johnson said.
They did the research on it, into a winery of over $30 million.
She came into office with less than $1,000 to her name, was completely broke with $40,000 worth of student loans, and now her net worth is over $30 million, and she's been in office for less than four years.
Did I say that?
Did I say it good enough?
Do you understand?
In four years, she's made $30 million.
She was $40,000 in debt when she took office.
That should make people a little upset in Minnesota.
That's mega fraud.
Where do they put the money?
And they all have it on there; they have the spreadsheets of what she said she filed for her company for this winery that she has.
And it's some kind of satanic devil behind this winery bottle that she had and what she was doing.
That should make the taxpayers furious.
But I saw the bees coming up out of the ground circling her and the Lord said she's done.
So let's see what happens with that.
We see these things.
But Braden shows me all these articles and it goes with everything the Lord has told us was coming even concerning 2026.
And the Lord today, even with the things the Lord said today, it shook me.
It shook me.
He talked about the plague, ladies and gentlemen, today.
And I've never experienced anything like that.
And I'm not going to go into the depth of it because it's pretty private, some of the things the Lord said to us.
It was to us in preparation for our ministry and what we're supposed to do.
But in this, he kept saying there will be not a fatal wound to America, but a major wound.
He said that the heads of the people have been stiffened up towards me.
Can you read part of that?
Yeah.
Where you start with the cities, that part?
I don't know.
Let me see, because there's a lot—I did not want that out about them.
There will be a wound inflicted.
Okay, I'll find it.
And he said because their heads are up towards me.
He said, 'I will bring them to their knees and to my side by bringing them...
humble their heads.
I'm going to humble the heads.
Will you grieve and turn to me?
' He said, 'It will not be a fatal wound that you will see, but it will make you...
will it make you come under me, or have you turned your back upon me?
Will this wound that you're about to see turn you back to me to heal?
' About a shaking...
and he was telling when I saw in the vision, he said, 'The people have turned their heads up toward me so much and I'm done.
' Basically, he said there will be a shaking.
'Their hearts are far from me.
' Even the people of the church, our hearts are far from him.
He says he's looking for wholeness, a humbleness to him.
Humble yourself under me.
As I saw the shaking coming, he spoke very greatly about these next three years.
Because you have turned your face to me at one time, but now you have decided you have detached yourself from the vine, and a great shaking will bring you to your knees.
But the wound that you will see will not be fatal, only if you don't bow your knee.
If you don't bow your knee when you are grieving, what will you see?
Will you turn back to me when this has been afflicted?
Will you turn back to me?
Will you bow your head low for what you're about to see?
The very life you take for granted and the prosperity that I've given you will be shaken to its core.
I bring you to my side, and a humbling you will see that will bring you to your knees.
Then he said, 'You think they're coming after your crown jewel, your city that is a crown jewel to America, but they are planning to infiltrate the other cities.
They are so focused on the crown jewel with your security and all that is taking place, but they have infiltrated your land.
' He's talking about Iran, and he said, 'You're focused upon the crown jewel, which is New York City and Washington DC, but as I saw it, it was scattered upon the land.
I saw Albuquerque, New Mexico.
I saw San Antonio, Texas.
I saw Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
' I saw Kansas.
I saw spread to Seattle.
I saw all these major cities that were spread throughout, and he said, 'They have infiltrated your land.
' He talked to me and said, 'You must know prophetically who you're talking to and what audience is receiving it, for there are different words,' and he went over that again.
I saw a cleft of the rock and Moses as he was hidden, and the Lord's backside passed and the glory came.
He said, 'I sheltered Moses and I will shelter my remnant in the cleft of the rock.
I will shelter you.
' I saw a divot like a rock, and I saw a death angel—this demonic thing that looked like a black mist passed by.
He said it was this way with the children of Israel: that when the blood was put on their doorpost, the death angel passed by.
I saw a shaking of a plague coming again that was so bad.
I don't know if I should go into the depth of that.
I'm not here to cause you to fear; I'm here to prepare you.
Most people go, 'Brandon, you try to scare the Jesus out of us.
' I said, 'No, I don't.
I'm trying to prepare you for what I've seen coming.
' The Lord warned me of the next three years of a major shaking, a humbling of America, a humbling of things, an enemy within.
I was taken out, and I saw China and Taiwan.
I saw China waiting until we are afflicted.
They all are in on this—a red dawn experience as America is preoccupied with herself.
If you go back to the prophetic words in 2023 and 2024, I saw China waiting to infiltrate and take Taiwan as America is preoccupied with what's going on inside of her.
They would like to wound the eagle to the point of no return.
So then I saw them infiltrating, and I saw Ezekiel 38 and 39 upon Israel, waiting to strike Israel when America was preoccupied within itself.
They had to get America out of the way.
I saw a strategic plan coming; there was so much drama going on within our own borders that Taiwan was messed with and taken within three days.
I saw a surrendering as China took over.
Then I saw Israel being inflicted—Ezekiel 38 and 39.
All of this was happening so quickly, but America was out because there was so much drama coming into America because of a Biden administration.
The Lord kept telling me, 'You'll be so thankful, remnant, that you have Trump.
' I'm not trying to exalt Trump above anybody.
He is a man.
I need you to understand that he is not God.
But I believe that God has put his hand on Trump for such a time as this, and you will be so thankful in the days ahead that Trump is still here.
We must pray for his security and for his safety at all times because the enemy would love to remove him.
But we know that the hand of the Lord is watching over him.
I'm so thankful that we have a great God that even in the midst of our prayers and us interceding for his children, for his wife, for our land—if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray.
But there is a remnant of people that he said, 'When this happens, I will hold you to me, Brandon, in the cleft of the rock.
' I believe there's a lot of the remnant watching right now, all 5,000 of you, and the Lord said to me, 'There's a remnant, Brandon, and I will protect them.
' I saw like a bubble of hedge around and about them of provision like we talked about last night on the broadcast.
The Lord said, 'I will provide for you and there'll be a supernatural provision.
Believe me for big.
' I said, 'Lord, this goes different from what you said last night.
' He said, 'Who's your audience?
To whom is the word that I'm delivering through you?
You're talking to the remnant versus the ones that are stiff-necked and have their heads up toward me.
' Two different crowds.
Do you qualify for the blessing?
Do you qualify for the rock?
Are you His?
That's what you have to ask.
Well, Brandon, this sounds totally different than last night.
Yes, because it's to a different crowd.
Do you hear me?
I really want Sister Clipboard to hear me.
I want you to hear me right now.
It's to a different crowd.
Don't email, 'Well, you're stirring up fear.
' No, it's to a different crowd.
I'm speaking to different people right now, and I don't want to come across cranky, but I have to get it across to you that some of you don't qualify for what's coming: the blessing and the judgment shaking.
It's two different sides of a coin.
It's very thin.
What side are you on?
Are you sold out to God?
Does your heart belong to Him?
Is your heart His or is there a mixture in you?
Are you so much in the world that you're a Lot in the midst of Sodom and Gomorrah, and you don't even realize that Abraham's up there interceding for you on the hilltop saying, 'Listen, please get them out, angels!
Please, Lord, have mercy!
' And he's saying, 'I'll let you get your relatives out.
' Listen to me.
Lot didn't know what was coming.
He only knew because of Abraham's prayers.
And there are many of you right now that are Abrahams standing on the hillside praying for your relatives, praying for the family, and they don't know what's coming.
I know there's a lot of you that are awake.
I know I have a lot of seasoned prayer warriors on this channel watching even right now, and you're up in the middle of the night interceding at almost 11 o'clock at night, Central Time.
You know there's an urgency in the hour concerning New Year's Eve, an urgency in the hour concerning plagues and famine and destructive things.
You have that inward alarm going off inside of you going, 'Alert, alert, alert.
' That's why you take this so seriously and you're praying at this time of night.
But there are a lot of people who don't know what's coming.
The Lord said to me, 'I will shelter my remnant.
' Are you part of the remnant?
I have to ask you that because whenever he showed me this—as I spoke, the Lord said, 'Say it.
' As I spoke it, I delivered this word as I was driving, and this black thing that looked like a mist formed in the car.
It was a sign.
And the Lord said, 'As I spoke the prophetic word out of my mouth, it manifested on my flesh.
' I've never felt anything like that before in my life.
It shook me.
I won't go into the detail of what I felt, but the Lord said it was a glimpse.
Woe unto you who have hidden sin in your life.
Woe unto you!
There is coming a shaking to the church like you would not believe.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And the Lord specifically said to me, 'I'm hiding my remnant, Brandon,' and I saw a dome like a shield on an astronaut—a shield was covered, and I saw it pass by.
He brought it like it was with the plagues of Egypt when the death angel passed by for the firstborn.
I'm not saying that it will be about your firstborn, but it was a type and shadow of something that is coming.
And I saw the remnant protected.
I saw a shaking to awakening like you would not believe again for a major revival and all the things.
And it shook me.
This word shook me.
I felt a shaking inside of myself.
He said, 'Humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of God.
If you don't humble yourself, He will humble you.
' And America, he said, 'You have been weighed in the balance and you have been found lacking.
' He said this to me and he said, 'A shaking's coming from your land, and you'll be so thankful that you have Trump.
' I saw he said a wound will be inflicted but it will not be fatal, but I saw a stiff-necked people that their heads were bowed low afterwards, and I saw their heads bowed down before the Father in humility.
He said, 'I have made you basically the crown jewel of the world other than Israel.
' But I saw America was the envy of the world.
He said, 'I've blessed you above all the nations.
I've prospered you.
I've blessed you.
I've had my hand on you because of your founding fathers.
But as a nation as a whole, you've turned your back upon me and your nose is up toward me.
Woe, America,' he said.
'But there is a remnant of you that I will shelter.
' And I saw a humbling coming.
I saw a great shaking coming.
It was heavy, wasn't it?
It's heavy to say it again.
And he said, 'Woe to the prophetic voices that have spoken to itching ears, for too much is given, much is required.
' And he said to me, 'Do not be like the prophets in Jeremiah's time.
Brandon, say the things that are hard, even if you're saying it alone.
For there are many men and women that have become like those in Jeremiah's time, and they're not delivering the words that I've told them.
They have an ear that is trying to speak to itching ears.
' And he said, 'This is a type and shadow of what happened in Jeremiah's time.
' He was so angry in his voice tone.
It shook me.
I told D, 'I feel like I'm going to be melted.
' After it was over, I was trembling about the prophetic voices.
He compared them to the prophets of Jeremiah's time.
He told me, 'They're not hearing me.
Say the hard things.
' Oh, Brandon, that seems so prideful, all the things you're saying.
Who do you think you are?
I'm just a man that has been told to say certain things that are very hard for me to say, but I fear God, not you.
And if you don't watch me anymore, goodbye.
I don't care.
I'm trying to warn you what the Father has told me to warn you tonight.
In the next three years, things will accelerate like you are not going to believe.
I don't know what it is about this next three, but he specifically said as of tomorrow, in the next 24 hours, things will accelerate.
It was such a strong word, wasn't it, love?
As we were writing it down, Braden, the whole atmosphere of the car was charged.
It was on me for hours afterwards; a mantle of the prophetic was on me so strong.
I told her, 'When that comes on like that, I could see the shaking coming to the nations.
' Have I delivered it, Babe?
Baby, yes.
I need your help.
He said the heartland will even be shaken.
He said even the heartland—say some of this—he said for even they said terror in the heartland would be more sufficient than even the crown jewel.
I could hear the terrorists talking.
I could hear Iran talking.
And they wanted to inflict fear upon our land.
They said, 'It's time to get the ball rolling.
It's time to implement what we know.
' They got their commands.
So we pray for the lands.
I'm hearing some chatter.
I'm hearing generals talk.
It was very heavy.
So we pray for Homeland Security.
We pray for the FBI.
We pray for our people.
But the plague—I saw this black plague of death.
It looked like a mist again.
But it looked kind of like the Grim Reaper.
It was tattered black, like sackcloth, like the fabric that is linen.
It looked like black linen that was tattered, this black being that I saw.
It looked like something out of a Halloween thing.
And as it moved across, I saw it and it was released.
I'm telling you, it was demonic.
It looked scary.
It was released.
It looked like black gauze moving.
And I stopped and I froze.
In fact, I told her it was everything I could do not to get sick all over the car.
The moment I spoke it and saw it and went into the spirit, I could see this—it was like black gauze.
I told her, 'What is this?
' and all of a sudden, I went into this travail and I almost vomited all over the car.
I told her, 'I feel sick.
I have to stop.
' All of a sudden, I don't know how to describe what happened because it's never happened before.
I pray it never happens again.
It went from my esophagus to my stomach—whatever this was.
The Lord let me have a glimpse of it.
I said, 'What is this?
' But the Lord allowed me to see something I never wanted to see again.
It was terrible.
He said they will believe it's Ichabod.
They believe it, but I've never left you and never forsaken you.
This is a humbling.
He kept saying, 'This is a humbling.
' There's no urgency.
Thank you, Holy Ghost.
He said, 'There's no urgency in my church.
There's no urgency behind the pulpits that the coming of my Son is at hand.
From sea to shining sea all around this world, there's not enough urgency, for I am coming swiftly.
' And this will bring forth the urgency that is required for what you're about to see.
That's what he said.
There's no urgency.
People said, 'Well, you're yelling.
' Yes, because he was yelling.
Get over it.
You're too wimpy.
You don't have a backbone.
And for what's coming, you're going to get a backbone.
You've got a bunch of spineless, skinny-jeans, and fog-machine people up in here, and you're going to get a backbone or you're going to fall away.
The great falling away is coming.
You're going to go, 'Oh, dear God, what did I truly believe?
' Christianity today is weak.
You come against hard times, you come against things, and you think God's abandoning you.
Most people couldn't live half of what I've lived.
My life has been hard.
But every single time, I always stay on God's side.
Oh, Brandon, what have you been through?
You don't even have a clue.
I've given you a little glimpse into our life.
Most of you walk on cupcakes and rainbows compared to what it takes to be refined.
I walk a very tightrope.
That's why I stay to myself.
I told D, I feel I would be more reclusive than I've ever been.
I feel I should just do this and be reclusive.
I don't want anybody in my circle.
Stay away from me because I want to hear him.
That's how serious these things are right now.
This is not church as usual.
This is church unusual.
And the church is going to wake up, folks.
'Well, I've heard you say that.
' Oh, woe unto you who mock.
I pray you make it through the storm that's coming.
I've never heard him speak the way he's been speaking.
It's different, isn't it?
As he shows me the faces of the prophetic people, he's disgusted.
He said, 'They're a stench before my nose.
They truly believe they're hearing me.
They truly believe they're speaking for me.
' And he said, 'They're far from me.
' He said, 'They're a stench before me, for they're not warning my people of the signs of the times.
They're giving itching-ear prophecies.
' It was a very strong word.
I said I need somebody to judge this word.
I was sitting there, I didn't know who to call because most of them don't want to hear it.
I was shook.
I was waiting for it.
When you were there, I felt the atmosphere and I listened to him.
As I'm driving down the road and I'm praying in the spirit over the city, I have such an urgency today.
And I told her, 'Something is going on.
' When Father spoke, He shook our car.
He shook me.
It's pages long: instruction for our ministry, instruction for the days ahead.
I deliver it with a heavy heart.
I deliver it with awe, fear, and reverence to Him.
Did I say enough?
You're the only ones that can help me.
What do you think?
Did I deliver enough?
He said, 'We strike in the finances.
' He talked about finances, natural disasters, politics, and war.
But He said He would humble people to their knees and, at the same time, He said their heads will bow before Him.
He said, 'Your heads are stuck up towards Me, but when these things take place, their heads will bow before Me.
' That's what He said.
They will no longer be stuck up; they will be down.
But it's a choice.
So thank God for you who are the remnant, because that's not to you.
You're His.
I deliver to the masses.
For those who are on the Lord's side—just like Moses and the ones who took the blood and put it upon the door and on their windows—they were protected.
They took the anointing oil and applied it to their doorpost and to their children, and the firstborns were safe.
It's a type and shadow of what I'm trying to tell you.
Provision was provided.
He took care of them.
Their clothes didn't tear up and their shoes were good.
They always had a cloud by day and a fire by night.
The manna came and took care of them.
God's chosen people—the ones He hid, the remnant—He watched over.
And I saw He said, 'I will hide you in the cleft of that rock, my people.
I will shelter you, watch over you, and provide for you.
' So for those who are here tonight and you're His and He is yours, there's a covenant there.
He said, 'I will protect you through these storms.
I will watch over you and provide for you.
Just like the raven came and provided for Elijah, He will take care of you.
' This isn't about you; this is about a major revival that's about to take place and a cleansing of the house.
He said, 'Do you not understand First Corinthians 5:5?
' First Corinthians 5:5 is very serious.
You talked about New Orleans being a big hotspot for terror.
He said New Orleans is a big hotspot for terrorism because of the satanic strongholds there.
They just want to get the ball rolling.
The terrorists and other countries, because they want Taiwan and Ukraine, want to bring terror upon the eagle to bring mass chaos and confusion upon your land.
A great humbling is coming upon the land, for you have turned your nose up toward Me and the very protection that I have provided for you.
You don't even realize the covering that I have brought.
I have held you in the cleft of the rock; I have held you at arm's length from the terror.
I have protected you, America, but you will be wounded and it will grieve Me greatly.
Will you turn your back upon Me as you grieve?
He said, 'It will grieve Me greatly.
' All that is about to take place is grieving to the Spirit.
But He said, 'In the grieving, will you turn your back upon Me for all that you're about to see?
' I read to them about how He said He held America in the cleft of the rock and held them at arm's length from the terror.
He said, 'But now I'm removing My hand concerning these things.
You have turned your head from Me, and now I'm removing My hand concerning these things.
' He said, 'I've held you in that cleft for so long, but I'm removing it.
' He said, 'You have been the envy of the world because you turned your face to Me at one time, but now you have detached yourself from the vine, and a great shaking will bring you to your knees.
' You have detached yourself from the vine.
What He considers 'sold out' and what you consider 'sold out' are two totally different things.
What you consider 'on fire' is what He considers lukewarm.
You don't know what it's truly like to be on fire.
You think that everything's okay—eating, drinking, and chilling—but you're far from Him.
You aren't right, and that's what the Lord was saying.
The way He talks is not the way Brandon talks.
I listen back to the way He flows and I go, 'Whoa.
' You can take it for what it's worth: put it on a shelf, throw it in the trash, or say I'm false.
But at least I can say I warned you.
Your blood is not on my hands anymore.
I warn you with a heavy heart, just like He said this is heavy for Him.
He said, 'Will you reject Me when all these things take place?
' Correction and judgment come to the house of the Lord first.
When He gave me the word for 2026 and said First Corinthians 5:5, I thought, 'That's rough.
' Then He showed me more.
I deliver it.
Did we say everything?
I mean, you said there would be attacks on the churches and stuff, but yeah, you got it.
Let's take communion and pray.
I know that's heavy, but there's a lot of you this does not qualify for.
There is a lot of you that are a remnant, the ones on fire, seeking Him.
I deliver it to the masses.
So, if it qualifies for you and you feel a shaking inside, you're probably awake.
It's the people who are not awake—the ones not seeking Him and hungry—who don't care.
You're just a small fraction of the people around this world.
You're smart enough to watch and pray, but billions are asleep.
He's not talking to you, church; you're the remnant He's hiding in the rock.
He's talking to the ones who are asleep and living like the world in Sodom and Gomorrah.
There's no urgency about His Son's return.
So, is He talking to you?
I doubt that very seriously.
He's talking, but I have to deliver the word.
Does that make sense?
I'm not trying to scare you.
I'm trying to prepare you and I'm trying to tell you what he said.
To you that are awake, thank you for being here and thank you for listening.
It's not easy to say this stuff, but I'm trying to tell you what he's saying.
Glory to God.
Fear God, not man, Brandon.
I know.
At least you all know.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
I thank you, Father, for all that you've done for every single one of us.
And as we go into these next three years—you keep talking about 2028—I thank you, Father, for the shaking to the waking.
I thank you, Lord, that we are going to be.
He said they're coming in hot.
He brought that up, too.
He said they're coming hot.
Brandon, be ready for all the people that are going to flood.
But then he said, 'Don't take a census.
' David took a census, church, and he started counting his numbers.
Don't take census, churches.
Don't get caught up in the numbers.
He warned about that.
He said that census is pride; keep yourself humble.
Keep yourself vertical.
Don't worry about all the people that are coming.
Churches, pastors, don't brag about how big your church is going to get.
The people are coming and they're there for him.
Just be ready for the harvest, church.
Be ready, remnant.
They're looking for help.
Be ready for the babies that are coming, church.
The babies are coming.
Be patient with the babies that are coming.
They're coming; they'll come in fast.
What will you do with the babies?
How will you handle the babies, church?
Remnant, what will you do with them?
How will you treat them?
They don't know, but they're coming in.
The Lord said, 'And don't get arrogant by your growth.
Keep humble before the Father and he will exalt you in due time.
Humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of the Lord.
Keep your head low.
Know that you're his.
' But he will not share his glory with anyone.
That came right out; I heard it right then.
You know, the gifts and the callings of the Lord are without repentance.
There are giftings that have been distributed to the people right now as we speak.
Those seeds of impartation are growing up outside of you right now.
You're going to start to see the fruit of the seed that went deep inside of you.
You're going to see it, for it has sprung forth a great tree in the spirit realm, and you're about to see the fruit of the hard labor, the sacrifice, and all of the tears and the intercessory prayer that you've prayed for; and all the cultivation is going to spring forth great fruit in your life for these end times.
He's talking to you, church, you remnant.
I see great mantles of the glory of God getting ready to be poured out on you.
And it's just like what we're talking about.
Don't you know it's just Jesus?
Don't you see it?
It's just Jesus.
You have been called and you have been chosen for such a time as this.
Are you ready for what's about to take place?
For they're coming in hot.
Have yourself ready.
That's why I say, 'Are you ready?
' Get your house ready.
Get your house in order.
Get ready.
Humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of God, church.
He's looking for people who would just say yes.
And those are on this channel.
There are a lot of you.
You say, 'Yes, I'm here.
Here am I, Lord.
Send me.
Purify me.
Create in me a clean heart.
' Thank you, Lord.
You have to ask yourself, 'Is this word for me?
Am I his?
Is he mine?
' There's a difference between prophetic words and who it's for.
But each one of them is delivered the same way, basically—the good ones and the bad ones.
I would say it's all good because it comes from him.
But I'm just saying there are some you want to hear versus others.
All of them are beautiful.
The blessing is beautiful.
Correction is beautiful.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
I thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us.
We are yours and you are ours.
We're in covenant with you.
And we humble ourselves underneath the mighty hand of God.
We keep our head low before you, Father, and we sit at your throne.
And we are joint heirs with you.
And we're bold.
We come boldly, but we're humble because we stay vertical.
We're not low and beat down.
I'm not talking about feeling whipped like a bad child.
I'm talking about being humble in your heart.
Instead of having an attitude of being arrogant, be humble.
Be broken before the Father.
He's a good God that loves you.
And Father, we take this body right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you continue to do.
We thank you, Father, that we're in that cleft of the rock today.
We thank you, Lord, for healing and deliverance over our bodies.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
We thank you, Father, for a good 2026 as we get ready to receive the biggest harvest this world has ever seen before.
We position ourselves for the harvest and we get ready to receive the people coming from the back left field.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood.
We apply the blood over our households.
We apply the blood over us and we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you for the blood, Father.
And we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we plead the blood over the crown jewel.
We pray it over all of it.
As this guy comes in tomorrow night, woe to you, New York.
Woe to you in the way you voted, New York, bringing a Muslim socialist over your land.
Woe to you, New York.
It's a stench before the Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We pray, Father, over Oklahoma and over Texas and over all the areas that we try so hard even with the politics that we have to remain godly.
Father, we keep our eyes on you and we thank you, Father, for even the heartland; this will be a place of refuge in the end.
Father, we have great revival here.
Thank you, Father, for the mass migration of people.
You said in the days ahead a great shaking to awaken is coming.
And we thank you, Lord, for churches that are rising up and will be the light and the saltiness.
We thank you, Father, that the salty churches will bring the people to drink from the living water.
Lord, we thank you, Lord, that your son is coming soon.
He's standing at the door.
And Father, I thank you, Father, that we are ready and we're seeking you and we have our eyes toward you.
And we're so grateful for all that you've done and all that you continue to do.
And we take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord.
We make much of the blood.
Thank you, Father.
After delivering that, Diana, I don't know where to even go with it because it was so heavy in here.
I feel it.
It's not as strong as what it was in the car, but it's very intense.
We reverence a holy God.
It's not about politics.
It's not about red versus blue; it's about Jesus.
Jesus, come quickly.
Maranatha, Lord, we want you to come so soon.
Oh Father, we long to be with you, and there are so many people that need you.
Help us to be more of the light.
Help us to be that salt.
You told us we are salt, but don't let us lose our saltiness.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you anointed us for such a time as this, that we stand out in the places.
You said, 'If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me.
' We lift you up.
We magnify you.
We glorify you, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
We don't take a census of anything; we keep our eyes on you and we keep ourselves humble before you.
For you are good and your mercy endures forever through 2025.
You are good and your mercy endures forever in 2026, 2027, and 2028, for your goodness and mercy endure forever.
Father, America will remain a sheep nation.
We will not be a goat nation, for seed time and harvest will accelerate.
You said the sowers and the reapers will go hand in hand and it will be on the just and the unjust.
But seed time and harvest doesn't just have to do with money.
You said, 'Brandon, the seeds you have sowed in the past will come to harvest at last, good and bad.
' Repent of the bad seeds.
Repent of the bad seeds.
Plead the blood over them.
Cry out for mercy on them.
I saw it so clear; cry out for mercy.
Seed time and harvest doesn't cease.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
We ask for mercy over the bad seeds.
Father, for the ones that are here tonight, we cry out for mercy.
We thank you, Father, that your grace is sufficient for us.
Help us to be that light in the darkness.
Woe to the itching ears that are always looking for something else.
Correction is good.
He corrects those he loves.
You spoiled child, you stiff-necked kid, you're going to be humbled before him.
Spare the rod and spoil the child; it's biblical, too.
I plead the blood over us.
Thank you, Lord, for your covering over our family.
Thank you, Lord, for your blood that covers us, and that the anointing of the Holy Ghost flows in us so strong.
Father, the people will see the glory on us like they saw it on Moses' face.
Father, pour out your spirit upon us just like you did for Moses.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for our supernatural provision that you provide for us so that we will be ready to do what you want us to do.
Father, we are that remnant that has their picture ready to show the goodness of God.
When correction comes, Father, we humble ourselves before you.
We bow down and worship the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords, bowing down before thee.
Hallelujahs ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
Songs of praise and we adore thee, bowing down before thee.
Hallelujah is ringing.
We worship and adore you, bowing down before you.
Songs of praises singing, Hallelujah ringing.
Hallelujah.
We worship and adore thee, bowing down before thee.
Songs of praises singing, Hallelujahs ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
We praise and we adore thee, bowing down before thee.
We humble ourselves before you, for we praise you.
We adore thee.
We bow down before thee.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
We humble ourselves before you, Father.
We touch not the anointed; we touch not what belongs to you.
We praise you.
We adore you.
We bow down before you, Lord.
Father, we praise and we adore thee, bowing down before you.
Songs of praise are singing, Hallelujah ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
Oh Father, we worship and adore you, bowing down before you.
Songs of praise are singing, Hallelujah ringing.
Hallelujah.
'Tis so sweet to trust in Jesus, just to take him at his word.
Jesus, Jesus, how I trust you.
God, we reverence you, Father.
We sit before a holy God.
We praise you, Father.
We adore thee, bowing down before thee, songs and praises singing.
His presence is so sweet.
Thank you, Father, for your hands on us.
Thank you, Father, for this year.
As we get ready to close out this year, we're so grateful.
We're so grateful through the storms, through the trials, and through the pressure.
You've been with us the whole way.
You've been on the boat.
You've never abandoned us.
You've always been there.
Through the tears and through the joy, you've been there.
Even whenever I felt you weren't there, you were there in the darkness and the light.
Thank you for 2025.
Thank you that we had a whole year.
So many people didn't get to live that full year out; they went home early.
Thank you, Father, that we're still here, that we have the opportunity from our mouths and our lungs to give you praise.
Thank you, Father, that we have the opportunity today to not let the rocks cry out.
For you said that if we don't praise you, the rocks will cry out.
Father, we will not let a rock do our job.
We praise you, we adore you, and we bow down before you.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
We praise you and we adore thee, bowing down before you with holy hands we lift up high.
And with our hands lifted high, we will worship the King.
With our heads lifted high to the sky, when the world wonders why, we'll just tell them we're loving our King.
With our hands lifted high, we will worship and sing.
With our hands lifted high, we come before you rejoicing.
We'll just tell them we're loving our King.
Thank you, Father, for this beautiful year.
You gave us another day on this planet.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done for us.
Thank you, Lord, for this channel and for these people.
Thank you, Father, that you have so much more planned for us in 2026 and 2027.
Father, we want to make you proud.
Help us, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that we humble ourselves before you this year.
We are so grateful.
We thank you for America.
We thank you for President Trump; protect him, Father, and give him wisdom.
We thank you, Lord, for the churches represented here, and that there will be a major move of God in this nation once again for one last harvest, one last push for all the unsaved people.
Father, you don't want that any should perish, but all come to repentance.
We thank you, Lord, that you are coming soon, and as you said, you don't want that any should perish, but all come to repentance.
Father, let this be the generation that does not taste death, that we will see the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ soon.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, that the blinders on the unbelievers' eyes are being stripped off right now in the name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hands off of our unsaved loved ones.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that according to Ephesians, the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
And I thank you, Father, that all unsaved loved ones—husbands, wives, sons, daughters, grandparents, aunts, uncles—we call them into the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We call them out of the pit of hell.
We thank you, Lord Father, that they will have a saving knowledge of Jesus.
I call laborers across their path right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that they have a heart to receive and they will be ready for some to plant, some to water, and some to bring forth the increase.
I thank you, Father, that we plant, we water, and we bring forth the increase of the souls of men.
We thank you, Lord, that every single one of them will get born again in Jesus' name.
We will see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen in 2026.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that as for me and my house, we'll serve you with all our hearts, with big shrimp boats casting our nets out into the Gulf, and we're going to bring them in by the netfuls.
Not just by pools anymore, but by the netfuls.
Give us an anointing for harvest, a soul-winning anointing in Jesus' name.
A soul-winning anointing.
Father, I thank you, Lord, to bring in the greatest harvest that we'll be known for, all to the glory of God.
We're anointed to get people saved in a way the world is not familiar with, all to the glory of God.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you chose us and you called us for such a time as this.
You could have picked anybody, but Father, we thank you.
We're so thankful.
We're so thankful for all that you've done and all you continue to do.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us in this time of prayer tonight.
And we give you praise for it.
We call them in.
We thank you for the healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory on each one of them, Father, that they'll not go into 2026 sick in body at all with flu, stomach bugs, heart disease, diabetes, or all kinds of things that the flesh does.
We thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, we call them delivered.
We call children, supernatural children in Jesus' name, that this will be a year of childbirth.
Call them in.
And we pray over these mothers and fathers that are believing for babies, that we pray over their womb, over the seed, over the egg.
And we thank you for the harvest.
We thank you that they are able to conceive, not only to conceive but to hold that baby full term, nothing missing, nothing broken.
We call health and healing over the woman's body and over the man's body.
We pray health and healing over the fallopian tubes, over all of the mother's womb, and we call her pregnancy full term.
Her vine will not cast its fruit before its time.
We thank you for an easy childbirth.
We call it easy childbirth.
Even through the pregnancy, there's no morning sickness, no nausea, no indigestion, none of these ailments that plague some pregnant mothers.
We thank you that they walk in divine healing and health and that, just like the children of Israel walked through the land without their feet getting tired or their clothes getting worn out, we thank you that their ankles didn't swell.
We thank you that they do not have their ankles swell in the name of Jesus.
And we call forth these babies for them to have effortless childbirth and no postpartum depression.
We thank you for perfect Apgar scores on these babies when they're born, that they will be healthy, well, and no kind of sickness; their hearts, everything, every body part on that baby we call healthy, whole, and healed, nothing missing, nothing broken.
We call peace over these parents' minds.
We thank you that they cast their cares on you and that they trust you and they know that you have your hand on them and that you have your hand over these families and that as they say, 'As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord,' and they raise these children up the way that they should go, that when they grow older they will not depart in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for it.
It will be a supernatural time.
Supernatural.
Thank you, Lord.
When you have your children and you conceive, tell us it will be.
We rejoice with you.
We believe that this will be a year of great harvest time.
Yes, harvest time, church.
It's time.
We occupy until He comes.
Thank you, Lord, for your healings.
Thank you, Lord, for the deliverances.
Thank you, Lord, Father, for drawing the people close to you, Father, that their hearts are pliable and that they have great days ahead of them, heaven on earth in their marriages and their children.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that faith works by love.
We thank you, Lord, that faith works by love and we keep love priority in our households.
No matter what we see, no matter what we feel, we put love first place.
Love never fails.
And we're so grateful for it.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong because faith works by love.
We keep love priority in our households in Jesus' name.
And everyone say amen and amen.
I know that was kind of a different time of prayer, but it sure was beautiful.
It was.
I'm so grateful for His presence.
It's refreshing.
We pray the video blessed you tonight.
If you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, it would be so sad to go through a video like this and you don't know Him.
If you're here tonight, there's over 6,000 of you here.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, I ask you: do you want to know Him?
He's knocking on the door of your heart right now.
He's knocking on the door of your heart and He is knocking.
'Will you let me in?
' Tonight, if you've never asked Jesus to be your Lord and personal Savior and you want to, we want to say a simple prayer.
'Well, Brandon, He'll never want me.
He'll never let me in.
' No, He's no respecter of persons and He is an ever-present help in a time of need.
He is at your door right now, calling for you.
He's calling for you right now as we speak.
'Will you come home?
Will you let me in?
' And if you feel that stirring on the inside of you right now and you feel that tug on your heart, that still small voice telling you 'come home,' don't deny Him.
Don't sit and be stubborn.
Yield.
Come home to the Father tonight.
We welcome you home.
I want to say a simple prayer, but I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved.
' I want you to tell the people if this is calling you, if you feel that tug at your heart right now and you want to come to Jesus Christ tonight, I want to say a simple prayer for you.
But Jesus died for you publicly, so I want you to be public about your decision tonight.
Say, 'Tonight, Brandon, I want to be saved.
' I want you to tell the people; we're going to pray for you right now.
Do not take this time for granted.
No one knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man returns.
No one does.
He could come back at any time.
But I'm going to tell you, you want to be on that boat.
And tonight's your night to make sure your name is written in that Lamb's Book of Life.
Don't take this time for granted.
You may not have another opportunity.
This may be your last moment.
You might die after this video.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, that the blinders on the unbelievers' eyes are being stripped off right now in the name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hands off of our unsaved loved ones.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that according to Ephesians, the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
And I thank you, Father, that all unsaved loved ones—husbands, wives, sons, daughters, grandparents, aunts, uncles—we call them into the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We call them out of the pit of hell.
We thank you, Lord Father, that they will have a saving knowledge of Jesus.
I call laborers across their path right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that they have a heart to receive and they will be ready for some to plant, some to water, and some to bring forth the increase.
I thank you, Father, that we plant, we water, and we bring forth the increase of the souls of men.
We thank you, Lord, that every single one of them will get born again in Jesus' name.
We will see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen in 2026.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that as for me and my house, we'll serve you with all our hearts, with big shrimp boats casting our nets out into the Gulf, and we're going to bring them in by the netfuls.
Not just by pools anymore, but by the netfuls.
Give us an anointing for harvest, a soul-winning anointing in Jesus' name.
A soul-winning anointing.
Father, I thank you, Lord, to bring in the greatest harvest that we'll be known for, all to the glory of God.
We're anointed to get people saved in a way the world is not familiar with, all to the glory of God.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you chose us and you called us for such a time as this.
You could have picked anybody, but Father, we thank you.
We're so thankful.
We're so thankful for all that you've done and all you continue to do.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us in this time of prayer tonight.
And we give you praise for it.
We call them in.
We thank you for the healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory on each one of them, Father, that they'll not go into 2026 sick in body at all with flu, stomach bugs, heart disease, diabetes, or all kinds of things that the flesh does.
We thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, we call them delivered.
We call children, supernatural children in Jesus' name, that this will be a year of childbirth.
Call them in.
And we pray over these mothers and fathers that are believing for babies, that we pray over their womb, over the seed, over the egg.
And we thank you for the harvest.
We thank you that they are able to conceive, not only to conceive but to hold that baby full term, nothing missing, nothing broken.
We call health and healing over the woman's body and over the man's body.
We pray health and healing over the fallopian tubes, over all of the mother's womb, and we call her pregnancy full term.
Her vine will not cast its fruit before its time.
We thank you for an easy childbirth.
We call it easy childbirth.
Even through the pregnancy, there's no morning sickness, no nausea, no indigestion, none of these ailments that plague some pregnant mothers.
We thank you that they walk in divine healing and health and that, just like the children of Israel walked through the land without their feet getting tired or their clothes getting worn out, we thank you that their ankles didn't swell.
We thank you that they do not have their ankles swell in the name of Jesus.
And we call forth these babies for them to have effortless childbirth and no postpartum depression.
We thank you for perfect Apgar scores on these babies when they're born, that they will be healthy, well, and no kind of sickness; their hearts, everything, every body part on that baby we call healthy, whole, and healed, nothing missing, nothing broken.
We call peace over these parents' minds.
We thank you that they cast their cares on you and that they trust you and they know that you have your hand on them and that you have your hand over these families and that as they say, 'As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord,' and they raise these children up the way that they should go, that when they grow older they will not depart in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for it.
It will be a supernatural time.
Supernatural.
Thank you, Lord.
When you have your children and you conceive, tell us it will be.
We rejoice with you.
We believe that this will be a year of great harvest time.
Yes, harvest time, church.
It's time.
We occupy until He comes.
Thank you, Lord, for your healings.
Thank you, Lord, for the deliverances.
Thank you, Lord, Father, for drawing the people close to you, Father, that their hearts are pliable and that they have great days ahead of them, heaven on earth in their marriages and their children.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that faith works by love.
We thank you, Lord, that faith works by love and we keep love priority in our households.
No matter what we see, no matter what we feel, we put love first place.
Love never fails.
And we're so grateful for it.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong because faith works by love.
We keep love priority in our households in Jesus' name.
And everyone say amen and amen.
I know that was kind of a different time of prayer, but it sure was beautiful.
It was.
I'm so grateful for His presence.
It's refreshing.
We pray the video blessed you tonight.
If you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, it would be so sad to go through a video like this and you don't know Him.
If you're here tonight, there's over 6,000 of you here.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, I ask you: do you want to know Him?
He's knocking on the door of your heart right now.
He's knocking on the door of your heart and He is knocking.
'Will you let me in?
' Tonight, if you've never asked Jesus to be your Lord and personal Savior and you want to, we want to say a simple prayer.
'Well, Brandon, He'll never want me.
He'll never let me in.
' No, He's no respecter of persons and He is an ever-present help in a time of need.
He is at your door right now, calling for you.
He's calling for you right now as we speak.
'Will you come home?
Will you let me in?
' And if you feel that stirring on the inside of you right now and you feel that tug on your heart, that still small voice telling you 'come home,' don't deny Him.
Don't sit and be stubborn.
Yield.
Come home to the Father tonight.
We welcome you home.
I want to say a simple prayer, but I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved.
' I want you to tell the people if this is calling you, if you feel that tug at your heart right now and you want to come to Jesus Christ tonight, I want to say a simple prayer for you.
But Jesus died for you publicly, so I want you to be public about your decision tonight.
Say, 'Tonight, Brandon, I want to be saved.
' I want you to tell the people; we're going to pray for you right now.
Do not take this time for granted.
No one knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man returns.
No one does.
He could come back at any time.
But I'm going to tell you, you want to be on that boat.
And tonight's your night to make sure your name is written in that Lamb's Book of Life.
Don't take this time for granted.
You may not have another opportunity.
This may be your last moment.
You might die after this video.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, that the blinders on the unbelievers' eyes are being stripped off right now in the name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hands off of our unsaved loved ones.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that according to Ephesians, the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
And I thank you, Father, that all unsaved loved ones—husbands, wives, sons, daughters, grandparents, aunts, uncles—we call them into the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We call them out of the pit of hell.
We thank you, Lord Father, that they will have a saving knowledge of Jesus.
I call laborers across their path right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that they have a heart to receive and they will be ready for some to plant, some to water, and some to bring forth the increase.
I thank you, Father, that we plant, we water, and we bring forth the increase of the souls of men.
We thank you, Lord, that every single one of them will get born again in Jesus' name.
We will see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen in 2026.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that as for me and my house, we'll serve you with all our hearts, with big shrimp boats casting our nets out into the Gulf, and we're going to bring them in by the netfuls.
Not just by pools anymore, but by the netfuls.
Give us an anointing for harvest, a soul-winning anointing in Jesus' name.
A soul-winning anointing.
Father, I thank you, Lord, to bring in the greatest harvest that we'll be known for, all to the glory of God.
We're anointed to get people saved in a way the world is not familiar with, all to the glory of God.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you chose us and you called us for such a time as this.
You could have picked anybody, but Father, we thank you.
We're so thankful.
We're so thankful for all that you've done and all you continue to do.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us in this time of prayer tonight.
And we give you praise for it.
We call them in.
We thank you for the healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory on each one of them, Father, that they'll not go into 2026 sick in body at all with flu, stomach bugs, heart disease, diabetes, or all kinds of things that the flesh does.
We thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, we call them delivered.
We call children, supernatural children in Jesus' name, that this will be a year of childbirth.
Call them in.
And we pray over these mothers and fathers that are believing for babies, that we pray over their womb, over the seed, over the egg.
And we thank you for the harvest.
We thank you that they are able to conceive, not only to conceive but to hold that baby full term, nothing missing, nothing broken.
We call health and healing over the woman's body and over the man's body.
We pray health and healing over the fallopian tubes, over all of the mother's womb, and we call her pregnancy full term.
Her vine will not cast its fruit before its time.
We thank you for an easy childbirth.
We call it easy childbirth.
Even through the pregnancy, there's no morning sickness, no nausea, no indigestion, none of these ailments that plague some pregnant mothers.
We thank you that they walk in divine healing and health and that, just like the children of Israel walked through the land without their feet getting tired or their clothes getting worn out, we thank you that their ankles didn't swell.
We thank you that they do not have their ankles swell in the name of Jesus.
And we call forth these babies for them to have effortless childbirth and no postpartum depression.
We thank you for perfect Apgar scores on these babies when they're born, that they will be healthy, well, and no kind of sickness; their hearts, everything, every body part on that baby we call healthy, whole, and healed, nothing missing, nothing broken.
We call peace over these parents' minds.
We thank you that they cast their cares on you and that they trust you and they know that you have your hand on them and that you have your hand over these families and that as they say, 'As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord,' and they raise these children up the way that they should go, that when they grow older they will not depart in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for it.
It will be a supernatural time.
Supernatural.
Thank you, Lord.
When you have your children and you conceive, tell us it will be.
We rejoice with you.
We believe that this will be a year of great harvest time.
Yes, harvest time, church.
It's time.
We occupy until He comes.
Thank you, Lord, for your healings.
Thank you, Lord, for the deliverances.
Thank you, Lord, Father, for drawing the people close to you, Father, that their hearts are pliable and that they have great days ahead of them, heaven on earth in their marriages and their children.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that faith works by love.
We thank you, Lord, that faith works by love and we keep love priority in our households.
No matter what we see, no matter what we feel, we put love first place.
Love never fails.
And we're so grateful for it.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong because faith works by love.
We keep love priority in our households in Jesus' name.
And everyone say amen and amen.
I know that was kind of a different time of prayer, but it sure was beautiful.
It was.
I'm so grateful for His presence.
It's refreshing.
We pray the video blessed you tonight.
If you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, it would be so sad to go through a video like this and you don't know Him.
If you're here tonight, there's over 6,000 of you here.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, I ask you: do you want to know Him?
He's knocking on the door of your heart right now.
He's knocking on the door of your heart and He is knocking.
'Will you let me in?
' Tonight, if you've never asked Jesus to be your Lord and personal Savior and you want to, we want to say a simple prayer.
'Well, Brandon, He'll never want me.
He'll never let me in.
' No, He's no respecter of persons and He is an ever-present help in a time of need.
He is at your door right now, calling for you.
He's calling for you right now as we speak.
'Will you come home?
Will you let me in?
' And if you feel that stirring on the inside of you right now and you feel that tug on your heart, that still small voice telling you 'come home,' don't deny Him.
Don't sit and be stubborn.
Yield.
Come home to the Father tonight.
We welcome you home.
I want to say a simple prayer, but I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved.
' I want you to tell the people if this is calling you, if you feel that tug at your heart right now and you want to come to Jesus Christ tonight, I want to say a simple prayer for you.
But Jesus died for you publicly, so I want you to be public about your decision tonight.
Say, 'Tonight, Brandon, I want to be saved.
' I want you to tell the people; we're going to pray for you right now.
Do not take this time for granted.
No one knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man returns.
No one does.
He could come back at any time.
But I'm going to tell you, you want to be on that boat.
And tonight's your night to make sure your name is written in that Lamb's Book of Life.
Don't take this time for granted.
You may not have another opportunity.
This may be your last moment.
You might die after this video.
Talking about the Civil War, Granny had stuff she saved—like tinfoil—from the Great Depression.
The Great Depression affected her greatly, and she saved tinfoil; she wouldn't spend anything.
The Great Depression messed her up in the 1930s.
It was bad; it never left her.
She would only take a sponge bath because she was too scared to run the water.
She would fill up a pot of water and take a sponge bath every time she bathed.
She'd never take a full bath to fill the tub or take a shower; she'd just take a sponge and run it down her body.
She did that for the rest of her life.
As a generation, we don't know how bad the Great Depression was.
They would eat possum.
She would tell us she'd eat the possums and black crows; they would kill the black crows to make black crow pie, and they would kill and eat the cooked possum.
That's how they lived.
That's where she learned to dig stuff out of the ditch and survive because the Great Depression was so bad.
They were very poor.
She said they made dresses and clothes for the kids out of flour sacks; her parents would sew them.
It was rough, and that's why the Lord says another Great Depression is coming.
When I see how it affected her, I realize this generation has no clue.
The things He said today shook me to even talk about it.
I pray things get changed around quickly.
Happy birthday, Elizabeth!
It is officially her birthday.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday, dear Elizabeth.
Poke salad was poisonous if it wasn't fixed right, too.
Really?
Wow, I didn't know.
Thanks for telling us now.
She isn't here to test it; I guess she fixed it right.
Is that what happened to Grandpa?
Oh, that's sad.
We thought it was a heart attack.
Did she do it on purpose?
What if that's the truth?
Oh, look, she says, 'My great-great-great-grandmother was Maria Woodworth-Etter.
' Whoa, now that's a flex!
Angel, that's cool; you have a cool bloodline.
My great-great-grandpa on that side died in his 60s.
And if that's the truth, what did she do?
She says she is crying so hard.
I figured Grandpa English went home.
What happened to Grandpa?
Granny did it; she didn't cook her greens.
What do you do with that?
A lot of people would literally freak out if they didn't have their phones.
They wouldn't know what to do.
I look at my phone all throughout the day and I don't even know what I'm looking at.
I look at it and go, 'Why?
' Sometimes the Lord asks, 'What are you looking for?
' We need to put the phone down, Brandon.
I'm just staring at it.
I do it even through the night.
I'll catch myself waking up going, 'What are you looking for?
It's the night.
' Well, it's just a friend of mine, I guess, just trying to check on it.
I just want to make sure he's okay.
The phone's still there.
Oh, you have my phone.
Don't mess with my friend!
I was going to charge it for you.
People are going to think you're serious.
No, I'm not serious.
Well, I do look at it all the time.
They do take me too seriously.
I like having fun; I'm joking.
Life's good.
But there is a side of me that's very serious.
Life is happy.
The Lord said you must remain happy in the days ahead.
Enjoy life; He wants you to have it in abundance, to the full, until it overflows.
We just laugh about nothing, have fun as a family, and play games.
So, we love y'all.
Thank you for spending time with us after the prayer.
It was heavy today, y'all.
I needed to laugh.
There was a lot of inner surgery today and it was rough.
I made it through in the Lord.
It was very corrective.
I told Diana it felt like I just went through a pressure cooker.
It was a thunderous word—thunder, lightning, and smoke.
I was like, 'Is my hair there?
' Oh no, it's gone.
I heard you, Lord.
Uncle Fester here; I got too close to the glory.
The hair's gone.
You can see His glory shining on my face, on my shiny head.
He gets the glory shining.
It's going to be extra shiny.
They're like, 'Put a little thing around your head.
' Moses had white hair in the Ten Commandments; it wouldn't be that way with me.
It looks like a light bulb.
The glory face.
Y'all aren't right!
We're not.
You're figuring it out.
They're like, 'We're not watching you anymore,' but they're laughing.
It's been a day.
I'm tired now.
We love you.
Thank you for joining us, y'all.
It means so much to us.
We're just trying to be real.
We love to pray, we love to seek the Lord, and we're so thankful for every single one of you that join and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
It's been life-changing for us that God would choose us and use us for such a time as this.
We're grateful every time you click that notification bell and do the things you do to be a part of our YouTube community.
I believe that the best is yet to come.
Praying in 2026 and praying over this year.
I believe we'll do a video tomorrow.
I always sit before Him during that last special time before you cross over into the new year.
It's something holy to me.
I sit with Him as I get ready to take my breath into the next year and just say thank you for another year.
We do it every year—making our list, writing down what we're believing God for, stretching our faith.
Grab a hold of what you're believing for and say, 'God, I know that You're able to do this.
' We love you all again.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
We love you, Jesus loves you, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.